cake hello everyone on the other side of youtube
screens this is droids and we are on
Apple presentation and me alone
from the first managed to hold in your hands
new products were introduced today
two iphone it iphone 5s here it is in my
hands it is budget so to speak versions
iphone
as the company itself says it does n't care
premium product but just for more
affordable price
that's how it looks like it is plastic but
inside actually under this enclosure
hidden metal so that he would be more
robust and reliable in terms of filling
tons well you can say it's just
iphone five a little
with the simplified corps let's compare it
from the top five because all the same
this comparison suggests itself here at me
little white iphone 5 iphone 5s 5c a bit
thicker he height is basically the same
about well a little bit well
in front in front you can sometimes them and
confused if for example it will be white
color incidentally presented immediately
five colors is white blue yellow
some orange well in short
many different colors well apart from that yet
showed very cool accessories then
Here is such a case
which when we put it on
it turns out well, that's the similarity of the picture
Claudia are such caustic
vigorous colors just such a youth
piece well I think heptor and should it
appreciate because it really is
Now it turns out funny style and style
weight so let's say well and of course inside
we have ios 7
everything basically works enough
smartly processor here a6 as you can see
search works besides updated
front camera now she is more
high quality she shoots as
19 megapixels in mind yes now she
better suited for video chat and of course
same for soldiers knowingly updated it
the camera because you know these 2 love
take pictures of yourself and share
instagram is the grandson of a very important
update actually summing up
I want to say that in the hands of him nicer
than in the pictures the first time
I saw this plastic background I thought
what is this why iphone plastic why
have you been doing iphone 3 already
he was plastic no longer is he
really nice really
fits well in the hand and does not slip out
glossy plastic and these
crazy colors they surely will make
his business is probably due to them he
well everything will be on sale basically
it was a droid ore from the show and apple
subscribe our channel will still be many
of all interesting